Welcome back. In the last lesson,
you worked primarily with odometry data,
which is just data about distance traveled.
And specifically, you saw you can calculate the rate of change of
a vehicle's position with respect to time to figure out a vehicle's velocity.
At the very end of the lesson,
you saw you can do the exact same thing with velocity data to get acceleration.
And calculating these rates of change is known as,
differentiation or taking the derivative.
So the derivative of position is velocity and the derivative of velocity is acceleration.
And this idea is really helpful.
Understanding the derivative means that whenever you have access to position data,
you can also calculate the velocity and acceleration data.
But what if we start with acceleration data and
we wanna say something about velocity or position?
In this lesson, you're going to learn exactly how to do that by
calculating something called the integral of acceleration data.